[Autogenerated] the first thing we'll install for this
course is no Js No Js is a JavaScript platform that runs
locally instead of in a browser.
The demo application is created using no Js So I want to
make sure that you can run it locally since we'll be
modifying code to connect to a Ws.
services no Js is installed differently depending on your platform.
The best place to get started installing node is at the website No Js dot org.
Front and center here are the versions listed to download,
download this version of node.
Although the note, API is fairly stable between versions,
it will be best to install this version for the best compatibility with the
packages that we're gonna be using with the demo application.
Both Windows and Mac will download installers which you should
open and follow the directions to install node.
We will be using node from the command line.
So it's important that the install location is added to your path.
This may be done automatically or it may need to be
configured after the installation.
Once the installation of note is complete,
open a command line to test it out at the prompt type in no
dash V and you should see the version of node that was
installed output in the next line.
If you don't see a version,
go back through the install steps to ensure everything was done correctly.
Now let's make sure the node package manager is installed as well.
This should have installed with your node installation type.
npm dash V and you should see a similar version output. If both versions output correctly, then you are good to go.